{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This publication of Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") is designed as a reference tool providing actual notice of actions by OFAC with respect to Specially Designated Nationals and other persons (which term includes both individuals and entities) whose property is blocked, to assist the public in complying with the various sanctions programs administered by OFAC.  The latest changes to the SDN List may appear here prior to their publication in the Federal Register, and it is intended that users rely on changes indicated in this document.  Such changes reflect official actions of OFAC, and will be reflected as soon as practicable in the Federal Register under the index heading "Foreign Assets Control."  New Federal Register notices with regard to Specially Designated Nationals or blocked persons may be published at any time.  Users are advised to check the Federal Register and this electronic publication routinely for additional names or other changes to the SDN List.  \
\
 DAY TECHNOLOGIES (a.k.a. LIMITED 0DAY TECHNOLOGIES; a.k.a. LLC ZIROUDEY TEKHNOLODZHIS (Cyrillic: \uc0\u1054 \u1054 \u1054  \u1047 \u1048 \u1056 \u1054 \u1059 \u1044 \u1069 \u1049  \u1058 \u1045 \u1061 \u1053 \u1054 \u1051 \u1054 \u1044 \u1046 \u1048 \u1057 ); a.k.a. "LTD 0DT"), UL. Profsoyuznaya D. 125, Floor Tsokolnyi, Pomeshch. I. Kom. 14, Moscow 117647, Russia; St. Vvedenskogo, House 23A, Structure 3, etazh 4, Room XIV, Room 62, Rm1b, Moscow 117342, Russia; Website https://0day.llc/; Organization Established Date 29 Dec 2001; Organization Type: Other information technology and computer service activities; Target Type Private Company; Registration ID 5117746070558 (Russia); Tax ID No. 7728795098 (Russia) [RUSSIAEO14024].\
\
 2ND ACADEMY OF NATURAL SCIENCES (a.k.a. ACADEMY OF NATURAL SCIENCES; a.k.a. CHAYON KWAHAK-WON; a.k.a. CHE 2 CHAYON KWAHAK-WON; a.k.a. KUKPANG KWAHAK-WON; a.k.a. NATIONAL DEFENSE ACADEMY; a.k.a. SANSRI; a.k.a. SECOND ACADEMY OF NATURAL SCIENCES; a.k.a. SECOND ACADEMY OF NATURAL SCIENCES RESEARCH INSTITUTE), Pyongyang, Korea, North; Secondary sanctions risk: North Korea Sanctions Regulations, sections 510.201 and 510.210; Transactions Prohibited For Persons Owned or Controlled By U.S. Financial Institutions: North Korea Sanctions Regulations section 510.214 [NPWMD]. \
\
3G LOJISTIK VE HAVACILIK HIZMETLARI LTD., No. 3/182 Altintepe Bagdat Cad. Istasyon Yolu Sok., Istanbul 34840, Turkey; Additional Sanctions Information - Subject to Secondary Sanctions [SDGT] [IFSR] (Linked To: MAHAN AIR). 3LOGIC GROUP (a.k.a. OOO NOVYI AI TI PROEKT), Nab. Berezhkovskaya D. 20, Str. 33, Moscow 121059, Russia; Ul. Nagatinskaya D. 16, Str. 9, Pomeshch. VII, Kom. 15, Office 5, Moscow 115487, Russia; Ul. Kiyevskaya D. 7, Korp. 2, Pod. 7, Moscow 121059, Russia; Tax ID No. 7724338125 (Russia); Registration Number 1157746958830 (Russia) [RUSSIAEO14024]. \
\
3RD BUREAU OF THE RGB (a.k.a. 3RD DEPARTMENT SIGNAL INTELLIGENCE; a.k.a. 3RD TECHNICAL SURVEILLANCE BUREAU; a.k.a. TECHNICAL RECONNAISSANCE BUREAU; a.k.a. TECHNICAL RECONNAISSANCE TEAM; a.k.a. "THIRD BUREAU"), Korea, North; Secondary sanctions risk: North Korea Sanctions Regulations, sections 510.201 and 510.210; Transactions Prohibited For Persons Owned or Controlled By U.S. Financial Institutions: North Korea Sanctions Regulations section 510.214; Target Type Government Entity [DPRK2]. \
\
3RD DEPARTMENT SIGNAL INTELLIGENCE (a.k.a. 3RD BUREAU OF THE RGB; a.k.a. 3RD TECHNICAL SURVEILLANCE BUREAU; a.k.a. TECHNICAL RECONNAISSANCE BUREAU; a.k.a. TECHNICAL RECONNAISSANCE TEAM; a.k.a. "THIRD BUREAU"), Korea, North; Secondary sanctions risk: North Korea Sanctions Regulations, sections 510.201 and 510.210; Transactions Prohibited For Persons Owned or Controlled By U.S. Financial Institutions: North Korea Sanctions Regulations section 510.214; Target Type Government Entity [DPRK2]. \
\
3RD TECHNICAL SURVEILLANCE BUREAU (a.k.a. 3RD BUREAU OF THE RGB; a.k.a. 3RD DEPARTMENT SIGNAL INTELLIGENCE; a.k.a. TECHNICAL RECONNAISSANCE BUREAU; a.k.a. TECHNICAL RECONNAISSANCE TEAM; a.k.a. "THIRD BUREAU"), Korea, North; Secondary sanctions risk: North Korea Sanctions Regulations, sections 510.201 and 510.210; Transactions Prohibited For Persons Owned or Controlled By U.S. Financial Institutions: North Korea Sanctions Regulations section 510.214; Target Type Government Entity [DPRK2]. \
\
3ZED INVESTMENT (a.k.a. MIBAZAARUMV; a.k.a. "3ZED"), Ma. Rimlas, Nikagas, Hingun, Male, Maldives; Secondary sanctions risk: section 1(b) of Executive Order 13224, as amended by Executive Order 13886; Organization Established Date 22 Mar 2022; Organization Type: Packaging activities; Business Number BN15322023 (Maldives); Registration Number SP-0816/2022 (Maldives) [SDGT] (Linked To: MUBEEN, Ahmed).\
\
 7 KARNES, Avenida Ciudad de Cali No. 15A-91, Local A06-07, Bogota, Colombia; Matricula Mercantil No 1978075 (Colombia) [SDNTK]. 7 MAKARA PHARY CO., LTD., Deaum Mien, Daeum Mien, Ta Khmau, Kandal 8252, Cambodia; Company Number 00037307 (Cambodia) [GLOMAG] (Linked To: SOPHARY, Kim). \
\
7TH OF TIR (a.k.a. 7TH OF TIR COMPLEX; a.k.a. 7TH OF TIR INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX; a.k.a. 7TH OF TIR INDUSTRIES; a.k.a. 7TH OF TIR INDUSTRIES OF ISFAHAN/ESFAHAN; a.k.a. MOJTAMAE SANATE HAFTOME TIR; a.k.a. SANAYE HAFTOME TIR; a.k.a. SEVENTH OF TIR), Mobarakeh Road Km 45, Isfahan, Iran; P.O. Box 81465-478, Isfahan, Iran; Additional Sanctions Information - Subject to Secondary Sanctions [NPWMD] [IFSR]. \
\
7TH OF TIR COMPLEX (a.k.a. 7TH OF TIR; a.k.a. 7TH OF TIR INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX; a.k.a. 7TH OF TIR INDUSTRIES; a.k.a. 7TH OF TIR INDUSTRIES OF ISFAHAN/ESFAHAN; a.k.a. MOJTAMAE SANATE HAFTOME TIR; a.k.a. SANAYE HAFTOME TIR; a.k.a. SEVENTH OF TIR), Mobarakeh Road Km 45, Isfahan, Iran; P.O. Box 81465-478, Isfahan, }